docs: extend documentation with keycloak (#5991)
Arize-ai/phoenix: docs/deployment/authentication.md

6. Under **Client credentials**, click **Add a certificate or secret**. Create a client secret and copy and save its value.
7. Deploy Phoenix using the three environment variables described above, substituting `MICROSOFT_ENTRA_ID` for `<IDP>`.

### Keycloak
1. From the Keycloak Console create a **new Realm** or skip this part if you want to reuse a existing Realm
2. Select **Clients**.
3. Click on **new Client**
   1. Enter the **Client ID** phoenix
   2. Enter the **Name** Phoenix Client

>    3. Enter below **Root URL** your root url of your phoenix example: https://domain.com/subpath/subpath
>    4. Enter below **Home URL** your home url of your phoenix example: /subpath/subpath
>    5. Enter below **Valid redirect URIs** your redirct url example: https://domain.com/subpath/subpath/*
>    6. Enter below **Valid post logout redirect URIs** +
>    7. Enter below **Web origins** your url example: https://domain.com
>    8. Enter below **Admin URL** your admin url example: https://domain.com/subpath/subpath/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   3. Enter below **Root URL** the root url of your phoenix instance, like `https://example.com/subpath/subpath`
   4. Enter below **Home URL** the home url of your phoenix instance, like `/subpath/subpath`
   5. Enter below **Valid redirect URIs** a redirect url to your phoenix instance, like `https://example.com/subpath/subpath/*`
   6. Enter below **Valid post logout redirect URIs** +
   7. Enter below **Web origins** your url, like `https://example.com`
   8. Enter below **Admin URL** your admin url, like `https://example.com/subpath/subpath/`
```

What do you think of these minor text tweaks?
